beta-release (#125)
2gis/2gl: README.md

#### Examples

- [Basic mesh performance](https://2gis.github.io/2gl/examples/basicMeshPerformance)
- [Complex mesh performance](https://2gis.github.io/2gl/examples/complexMeshPerformance)
- [Sprite performance](https://2gis.github.io/2gl/examples/spritePerformance)
- [MultiSprite performance](https://2gis.github.io/2gl/examples/multiSpritePerformance)

#### Установка

- `npm install 2gl`

#### Подключение

Есть несколько способов подключения библиотеки:

- Напрямую через тег, скрипт `2gl.js` лежит в папке `dist` и содержит все компоненты библиотеки:

```html
<script src="2gl.js"></script>
```

- Если вы используете сборщики, например, `browserify` или `webpack`:

```js
var dgl = require("2gl"); // CommonJS
import dgl from "2gl"; // ES6
```

- Можно подключать только нужные компоненты для уменьшения размера:

```js
var Mesh = require("2gl/Mesh");
var AmbientLight = require("2gl/lights/AmbientLight");
```

#### Development

- `npm install`
- `npm start`

#### Checking examples locally

- Install `http-server`
- Run `http-server` at the root project directory
- Open http://localhost:8080/ and navigate to some `*.html` demo at the `examples` directory

#### Release

> If you plan a release on your branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to release a new version from your branch
```

- Bump version via `npm version major | minor | patch`
- Merge your branch into master
- [Create a new release](https://github.com/2gis/2gl/releases), this will run the release workflow

#### Beta-release

Beta-release is suitable to perform some checks/integrations with npm-package.

> It releases the same npm package as regular release, but in beta tag, which do not update latest version on npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It releases the same npm package as a regular release, but in the beta tag, which do not update latest version on npm.
```
